NMS-15622: Add support for native Holt-Winters forecasting (#6026)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/releasenotes/pages/whatsnew.adoc

** See https://github.com/datastax/java-driver/blob/4.0.1/core/src/main/resources/reference.conf[reference.conf] in the DataStax GitHub repository for a complete example.

=== Native Holt-Winters forecasting

> The Holt-Winters forecasting filter no longer depends on the `R` package and has been converted to Java leveraging some work done by the team at https://github.com/ExpediaGroup/adaptive-alerting[Expedia].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Holt-Winters forecasting filter no longer depends on the `R` package, and has been converted to Java.
This leverages adaptive alerting work done by the team at https://github.com/ExpediaGroup/adaptive-alerting[Expedia].
```

> You can continue to use the filter is as no changes are needed to take advantage of this functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can continue to use the filter as-is; no changes are needed to use this forecasting method.
```

> The filter that leverages `R` will be discontinued in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The filter that depends on the `R` package will be discontinued in a future release.
```

> 
> https://github.com/ExpediaGroup/adaptive-alerting

Reviewer: I don't think this is necessary, since we link to the same repo earlier in this section.

```suggestion
```
